* What I will need to address it he lack of societal actors:
	I need to either debunk this or incorporate this in a more complex model.

* Local officials' education:
	Why is officials' education important?
	Motivate by low levels and rising shares of bureaucrats.
		Create a comparison group.
		Compare it to other countries. (Show international variation) - Show the frontier, OECD.
		Beyond Fukuyama: Look at other scholars that address the question of educational levels of bureaucrats.

* Look at other measures of state capacity.
	Present the data...
	Show the correlation between education and income per capita.
		Study the cases that are outliers.
		I can look at the PNAD.

* Consider the role of geography in public goods provision.
	Be careful about the design for the treatment, and whether it is that the treatment is plausibly exogenous.
		It will be conditionally exogenous, but I have to think about the vector of controls.

* Tell me more about why this is interesting.
	Collect local data about the time trends? Maybe just show the change.
	Are we just talking about a cathching up story?

* The story about compression of inequality:
	Is there just a ceiling effect.
	There are some strategic decisions made by mayors? Need to move away from the mechanistic story.
		Maybe focus more closely on the municipalities that had low levels of education.
		And emphasize the variation despite a common baseline.

* What the distinction between programmatic and clientelistic parties?
	Selection of bureaucrats, based on merit.
	Types of policies that are pursued.
		Think about the technical requirements of these policies.

* Why limit the comparison between PT and PMDB?
	Expand the set.
	Condition on the amount of transfers.

* Encourage to specify the tasks implemented by these bureaucrats. 
	State capacity where there is generic public service delivery.
		Theorize the tasks which are pursued.
		Demand side theory.
		Is there variation in the average pool of talent for the bureaucrats.
		Variation in the average wages.

* The big issue is the theory.
	Municipal change in the average level of education. (IMPORTANT)
	Are more educated bureaucrats more professional?

* Do a better job at motivating this research.
	I show that there is variation:
		But why is there variation important?
		Maybe I should include the set of correlations about social welfare.

* I need to explore further the relation between educational levels of bureaucrats and the actual implementation
of policies.
	Why does educational level matter?
		I need to include the correlation between education and HDMI. (IMPORTANT)